README.md, before:

# react-gym-app

By June D, Daniel W, Nam N and Clare O

---

## About this Application

#### 1. Purpose

This application was created with the purpose to solve the problem posed by our client gym company, who wishes to have a platform where both gym members and staff can manage idividual workouts, classes and gym environment. It is a helper tool for the gym that can be used on top of their original management system that enhances the cutomer experience at their facility. Gym members can utilise this application to save and create their workout routines, keep track of their progress with certain exercises and book training sessions that are available at the gym. The application can further be used to optimise the gym's customer service by allowing users to submit reports in which staff members can smoothly handle. 

The application also aims to enhances staff work efficiency by creating a platform where their schedules including upcoming personal training and classes are neatly organised.

- cost of gym management is lower with use of app as less gym staff should be required to work at one time/avoid time wastage => good for the client


#### 2. Functionality and Features

#### 3. Target Audience

#### 4. Tech Stack

---

## Dataflow Diagram

## Application Archite ture Diagram

---

## User Stories

---

## Wireframes

---

## Project Management using Trello

Commit message:

more frafting of the application purpose

README.md, after:

# react-gym-app

By June D, Daniel W, Nam N and Clare O

---

## About this Application

#### 1. Purpose

This application was created with the purpose to solve the problem posed by our client gym company, who wishes to have a platform where both gym members and staff can manage idividual workouts, classes and gym environment. It is a helper tool for the gym that can be used on top of their original management system that enhances the cutomer experience at their facility. Gym members can utilise this application to save and create their workout routines, keep track of their progress with certain exercises and book training sessions that are available at the gym. The application can further be used to optimise the gym's customer service by allowing users to submit reports in which staff members can smoothly handle. 

The application also aims to enhances staff work efficiency by creating a platform where their schedules including upcoming personal training and classes are neatly organised.

With the use of this application, client should expect smoother work flow of the gym where gym users get to have a more personalised and efficient workouts while requiring less direct assiatance from staff member. This therefore creates a potential for the client to see a reduction in business management cost due to increased roster efficiency.

#### 2. Functionality and Features

#### 3. Target Audience

#### 4. Tech Stack

---

## Dataflow Diagram

## Application Archite ture Diagram

---

## User Stories

---

## Wireframes

---

## Project Management using Trello
